EE-2374 - 3 New GitHub Actions (#42)
EbiEga/ega-metadata-schema: docs/json_browser/README.md

[corresponding directory](../../schemas) within this repo, along with brief documentation.

Work inspired by [HCA's JSON Browser](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema/tree/master/docs/jsonBrowser).

## Where to start

Each **object** and **definition** within the JSON Schemas will have its own markdown file (``.md``). Given the amount of objects, the easiest path to follow is from top to bottom of the hierarchy.

Hence, take a look at the [markdown's summary](markdowns/README.md). There, you will find the section **Top-level Schemas**, which will list the main metadata objects (e.g. ``ArrayAssay``). If you click on any of these, you will be redirected to their corresponding records, with diverse details (such as ``title`` or ``description``) and, most importantly, a list with all their ``properties``
(with their details, constraints, etc.)

## How they are created

> Markdown summaries constitute the JSON Browser, and are automatically generated though the usage of **GitHub actions** ([``markdown_generation``](../../.github/workflows/markdown_creation.yml)) and the [**jsonschema2md**](https://github.com/adobe/jsonschema2md) tool. Every pull request against the ``main`` branch of this repository will trigger the workflow to automatically generate updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown summaries constitute the JSON Browser, and are automatically generated though the usage of **GitHub actions** ([``markdown_generation``](../../.github/workflows/markdown_creation.yml)) and the [**jsonschema2md**](https://github.com/adobe/jsonschema2md) tool. Every pull request merged into the ``main`` branch of this repository will trigger the workflow to automatically generate updated
```
